c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.pdb
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.pdb
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/AmandaDebocheBE.BLL.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.Models.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDeboche.DAL.dll
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/AmandaDebocheBE.BLL.pdb
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.Models.pdb
c:/users/amanda.werner/documents/visual studio 2012/Projects/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDeboche.DAL.pdb
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.pdb
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/AmandaDebocheBE.BLL.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.Models.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Cors.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDeboche.DAL.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/AmandaDebocheBE.BLL.pdb
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDebocheBE.Models.pdb
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.xml
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/bin/amandaDeboche.DAL.pdb
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.dll
/Users/aawerner/Projetos/centralErros/amandaDebocheBE/amandaDebocheBE/obj/Debug/amandaDebocheBE.pdb
